Job Title: DB2 UDB Database Administrator
Location: Dublin, OH
Duration: Contract
Job Description:
DB2 UDB Database Administrator 
-       Verify that backups for the Databases .
-       TSM backup verify for QA Systems
-       Performing Backup and Restore.
-       Trouble shooting job failures.
-       Handling customer requests to perform various DBA activities
 -       Monitor DBA team ticketing queue for problems
 -       Check CCMS or Solution Manager Alerts and Daily monitoring of the system and data bases.
-       Check Information from DB6 Cockpit on SAP GUI.
-       The Break fix and Enhancement tasks we perform Include Resolving database issues like:
	•	Log File full.     
	•	Typical backup failures.                              
	•	DB2 Services stopped or not functioning              
	•	Blocking & Deadlocks                                                                
-       Developing scripts for automating daily DBA tasks
-       Performance Monitoring
-       Review Daily Space Report and add space to database files as needed
-       Look for New administrative log and/or DB2DIAG.LOG entries, DB13 LOG
-       Verify database logs have been archived successfully
-       Check that no DBM and/or DB configuration have changed
-       Check important performance measures based on your workload
-       Check for automatic actions DB2 has taken on your behalf
-       Ensure there is enough free memory
-       Manual Verification using Check Points on Table Spaces, Verify total storage on UNIX systems and Database snapshots
-       Verify parameters for Virtual Memory, Swap space, Short memory, buffer pool and other Database and SAP memory details
-       Support Various Instances of DB2 Server by performing all above and any other related activities that would be required and play as a Team Member as expected
Skills:
	1.	DB2 UDB - LUW
	2.	AIX ,(UNIX  is added advantage)
	3.	SAP BASIS
	4.	TIVOLI STORAGE MANAGER
	5.	RDBMS Performance Tuning
	6.	RDBMS Analysis and Design
	7.	Change Control Management
	8.	Knowledge of Backup / Recovery
	9.	Knowledge of DB2 UDB Installation / Service Packs / Hotfixes
	10.	Experience in Trouble shooting.
	11.	Experience in Performance Tuning
	12.	Experience  in developing SQL and Windows scripts
	13.	Knowledge in IBM AIX operating systems
	14.	Change Control Management
